Judy - Judy Pizarro - Hello, I'm Judy.  I'm 4.5 years old and originally from the Carribean. I grew tired of the heat and humidity, so I decided to give the Northwest a try.  I love playing hide and seek, but really prefer to hide.  I'm currently working as a stagehand and have a passion for shakespeare. 
Romy - Romy Manchegin - Oi, I'm Romy.  I'm 8.25 years old, but feel like I'm only 1.  I have a thirst for life, and was previously a world class boxer, but gave it all up to pursue my true love of fishing.  Most weekends I'm out on my boat or at the piers, and during the week, I'm tending bar at the hottest catnip bar in town. 
Taz - Taz Pierce - Hello, I'm Taz.  I'm 1.5 years old, and have lived all over the world.  My mother was an airline pilot, and she loved to take me wherever she went.  I'm currently in flight school, and slowly making my way to be able to sit in the pilots seat.  One day I hope to be able to own my own plane and live on an island in the pacific. 
Twizzers - Twizzers Sporzan - Hey!  I'm twizzers and I'm 9 years old. I love learning, and growing.  By day, I work as a chemist creating cures for the common cold.  By night, I move through the city with a group doing parkour, and inspiring youth to get outside.  I'm here to meet someone that makes me flip with excitement. 
Crumpet - Crumpet Smith - Hello there, I'm Crumpet.  I'm .75 years old, and still learning a lot about life. I'm currently in my "just sort of figuring it out" stage of life, and I'm here mainly for friends.  I work as a stock associate at a florist, and am going to CIT next year to study medicinal catnip use to help with anxiety. 
Berlioz - Berlioz Ramen - Hi Hi.  I'm Berlioz, but you can call me Berlie.  I'm 4 years old, and love a good book.  Although I work in a library, don't let my quiet dimeanor fool you.  In my spare time I work as an auuctioneer.  Fun fact, I sold the original A team van to Mr T. 
Sasha - Sasha Horonomy - Hey, I'm sasha.  I'm 6.5 years old originally and love life.  I work as a high powered attorney, and don't really have a lot of time in my life for commitment.  Although, I'm moving into a different phase in my life where I hope to be able to make more space in my life for a long term companion.  Hopefully you are the right one for me. 
Saffron - Saffon Prionon - G'day. I'm Saffron. I'm 1 years old. Fish.  Fish and fish.  I'm obsessed.  Bring me fish, and bring me more.  Did I happen to mention that I like and appreciate fish?  To be frank, I don't work, I'm lucky to be in that position.  I spend most of my days worrying about, you guessed it.... Fish. 
Poncho - Poncho Warren - Good afternoon, I'm Poncho.  I'm a nursery school teacher and love all of my students.  In my off time, I compete as a rollercat and travel across the country during my time off in the summer months.  I'm looking for someone who can keep up with my fast past lifestyle. 
Fritz - Fritz Suthernand - Hello, I'm fritz.  I work as a photographer in the fashion industry, but that was not my first love.  I originally got my start in the industry as a model, but I am extremely camera shy, so I decided to turn my focus behind the camera.  I'm waiting to meet the right person to be my muse. 
Clawdia - Clawdia Jeripat - Hey! I'm clawdia, and I'm the life of the party!! I'm 2 years old.  My friends wonder where I get all of my energy, and well, I just love life.  I wake up every morning so excited and it lasts all day.  No coffee or tea for me, I don't even need it. Let's meet up and read a book, or a hundred. 
Biscoff - Biscoff Rubino - Wowzers, I'm Biscoff.  I'm 13.5 years old, and here to for adventure.  I spent the majority of my life hiking and working as a guide in the alps, and now I've decided its time to come down from the mountain and live out the rest of my days.  Let's meet for coffee during the day.  